so I take this whole leg of lamb and put
it in and you discard this and then I'm
going to take this marinade and pour it
over the leg get all the good marinade
out what you have to do now is just make
sure that the marinade goes into every
little piece of lamb every little crack
that you made every little cut that you
made make sure that it goes into this
because it flavors the lamb very well if
you do that you want it everywhere and
the other thing I'm going to do now and
I'm going to turn it over and the reason
for that is that I want this side also
to be absolutely covered with the
marinade and again it goes should go
into all the slits make sure that it
goes into every single slit and remember
that little pocket that you made look
for the pocket and make sure that you
get some of the marinade into the pocket
as well like that and there's a one
further step I'm going to take a piece
of cling film that's what I would do and
cover it very tightly and then leave it
to marinate for 24 hours in the
refrigerator that's very important
because this way the marinade goes all
the way inside the lamb and affects all
the taste of the lamb I have here a leg
which I have marinated earlier and what
I did was I took it out of its glass
dish and I put it in a baking pan and
it's now ready to go into the oven but
before I do that there's one other step
that I have to take and that is I'm
going to take some oil this is about six
tablespoons of vegetable oil and I heat
it on a fairly high flame and when it's
hot I'm going to put in some spices I've
done this technique before popping hot
spices and oil this is half a teaspoon
of whole cloves sixteen whole cardamoms
and a 2-inch stick of cinnamon and about
ten whole black peppercorns so these go
into the hot oil and I will lift it up
very quickly and take this and pour it
over
like six and now this is ready to go
into the oven the oven has been
preheated to 400 degrees Fahrenheit
which is gas mark 6 and what I'm going
to do is I have to cover this so if you
have a natural kind of lid for your
baking dish that's alright otherwise you
take a piece of foil put it on top cover
it very very well print all the edges on
the sides and then take it and bake it
for an hour and a half to begin with and
then take the foil off and bake it for
another 45 minutes now I have a leg
which has been baking for that length of
time already I'll take that one out
there it is it looks absolutely
beautiful
what I have done actually is that five
minutes before the cooking time was over
I took the leg out and arranged almonds
and sultanas all over it in a pattern
you can make any kind of pattern that
you like and then I put it back in the
oven for last five minutes of final sort
of browning and when the leg is cooked
like this you serve it by lifting it out
with two spatulas and putting it in a
warm serving platter and what you do
with the sources you can either put it
in a gravy boat or you can spoon it
around the leg